hello very good welcome to the channel a
day more and today I 'm finally going to the video
of how I made the curtains with the
machine that you see here the rags are from
I have them tuned for a
a video where we are going to see some
tricks some things like power
make more cool and more appropriate to the
decoration we have
nothing that starts the video of how you see
the curtains step by step is in several
days because I have not done it in a day
because you already know that I time
I have very limited but good what
promised is debt and here you have the
video
The first thing we are going to do is take the
hem both from the sides as
the top and bottom of the
curtains for it as nothing a couple of
pins and the tape measure we will take
two centimeters both from the sides
with an up and down api from above
always of course we will give a little more
so that we can pass the bar and
you can simply 6 dial with the
pin holding it
so that it looks good in 22 centimeters and
after marking the entire curtain
these two centimeters then we will go to
sew it after passing it through the
machine what we will proceed will line up
obviously the pins that we have
let the next step we take the
piqué tape that we have that we have
chosen the ribbon that we choose and we go
to put along the curtain of
piece that we have used here as
you can see we are placing what I have
given with the pins along
all the kitchen to be able to go through the
sewing machine and singing also what
we have caught with the pin
as you could see the tape the
I put on top of the fabric not that
excel because I like the design more
that is above the fabric and now
already directly because we go to the
sewing machine to start sewing the
that we will use from the top
because the bottom of the covers
from below that does not remain in loose
open then well you can see there
going to the machine for the part
top to hold it
and on this side what I 'm doing is
sew the edge pass the machine and when
I come to the end I give back to
that remain more subscribed and we're going to
do both on one side and on the other
side
and here you can see what I said to you
that part is totally open not
it is closed
the third step and then we're going to
put the other appointment in this case I chose the
piece of a piece of topics and I'm going to
put over the piquet tape
to cover where we see his sewing of this
way well, I like it better
that we are going to reduce a little the
thickness that has
in this case the piece the width of this
fabric equals about seven centimeters
so what I want to do is
helping me with the pins make a
fold a half centimeter both
with the top part as for the part
down
once caught the doubles in the tape of
moles what we are going to do is put it
above the piquet tape for
we need a pins and what
let's hold once subject what
we will pass to sew and they will be ready
and this time we will see things
both the top and the
bottom good you've seen what
easy that is good easy in quotes
so that you use the sewing machine what
bad is that if you keep
sewing machine there is a product in the
market that is this is the spray is a
glue spray that serves both for
leather for glass for fabrics os
it serves instead of things then 2006 the spray
and ccoo 6 put the pieces on the cloth
no need to sew so you do not have
it's hard that you can do it with a
spray of these and nothing that has
liked the video you can give them a thumb
up a very fat kiss very fat and
nothing that I hope for you in the next video
goodbye